Jun Wai Kow
R&D Engineer

+4407741151955

A Mechatronics and Robotics Engineer by degree, but a jack of all traits in engineering specialising in R&amp;D. Currently in medical device development, however
my strong passion for my area  of  study  can  be  seen  below  as  I  have  excelled  in various fields in academia  and  in-person.  My  field  of  expertise expands across interdisciplinary core  engineering  and  also  other  application  of  engineering  principles  such  as  biomedical, computational, manufacturing, and material science.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: Travelling, Cooking, Hiking, Bouldering, Badminton, Ultimate Frisbee, Tinkering, 3D Design and Printing

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Malay
  ★★☆☆☆ Mandarin
  ★★★☆☆ Cantonese
  ★★★☆☆ Hakka
  ★☆☆☆☆ Japanese

SKILLS
  ★★★★☆ CAD
  ★★★★☆ Additive Manufacturing
  ★★★☆☆ C Programming
  ★★★☆☆ Python Programming
  ★★★☆☆ Web Development
  ★★★★☆ Bespoke Manufacturing
  ★★★☆☆ Graphic Design
  ★★★★★ 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2020 – Present
    Medical Device Development Engineer at Atlas Endoscopy, UK, Leeds
      
  Remained up-to-date on medical Best Practices and medical advancements.
  Oversaw all aspects of design and development, and offered design solutions when necessary.
  Designed and implemented cost-effective device modifications.
  Developed and managed relationships with professional medical leaders.
  Worked closely with project managers and engineers to ensure project needs were fulfilled and budgets were honored.
  Successfully utilized AutoCAD to design mechanical equipment and parts.
  Communicated effectively with Project Engineers and Managers.
  Utilized crucial design software skills to assist with projects.
  Worked as a productive and positive team member to design, code, test, report, and debug operations.
  Helped to maintain meticulous medical records, and made changes when necessary.
  Oversaw design, regulation, and daily management of principal projects.


  * October 2019 – August 2020
    Research Associate at STORM Labs, UK, Leeds
      
  Performed thorough research and analysis on data and created reports on research activities.
  Designed, developed, and modified research experiments alongside teams of researchers.
  Applied strong analytical thinking skills to address any research questions.
  Led the research and development of technologies.
  Tested the efficacy and safety of products and analyzed the results in relation to procedures.
  Brought forth in-depth knowledge and scientific expertise.
  Brought forth the ability to draw conclusions and make recommendations based on research data.


  * July 2015 – September 2016
    Research Assistant at Surgical Technologies Lab, UK, Leeds
      
  Designed, developed, and modified research experiments alongside teams of researchers.
  Performed research and gathered data to begin assignments.
  Performed thorough research and analysis on data and created reports on research activities.
  Worked with a team to research and develop new learning material for students.
  Provided optimal assistance to research and support staff members.
  Applied strong analytical thinking skills to address any research questions.
  Led the research and development of technologies.
  Wrote daily reports and organized data presentations for accountability and quality assurance.
  Assisted in writing grant proposals.
  Tested the efficacy and safety of products and analyzed the results in relation to procedures.
  Effectively communicated both verbally and through written word.
  Independently performed most research assignments.
  Brought forth the ability to draw conclusions and make recommendations based on research data.


  * September 2013 – September 2019
    Teaching Assistant at Faculty of Engineering, University of Leeds, UK, Leeds
      
  Utilized effective teaching methods to see greater results.
  Utilized advanced teaching methodologies to effectively work with students.
  Continually offered a variety of teaching methods and curricular perspectives.


  * September 2013 – September 2015
    Peer Mentor at Faculty of Engineering, University of Leeds, UK, Leeds
      
  Served as an encouraging mentor to all of my students, and monitored children with known issues.
  Helped to train and mentor incoming employees on company policies and procedures.
  Served as a caring mentor and guide.



EDUCATION
  * 2011 – 2014
    University of Leeds, Leeds BEng Mechatronics and Robotics Engineering

    First Class Honours
  * 2014 – 2015
    University of Leeds, Leeds MSc Mechatronics and Robotics Engineering

    Pass with Distinction
  * 2016 – 2020
    University of Leeds, Leeds PhD Soft Robotics in Surgical Technologies

    PhD Awarded

